A Comprehensive Study on Blockchain-based Cloud-Native Storage for Data Confidence.pdf: Abstract —This paper explores the concept of blockchain-based cloud-native storage, which combines the decentralized and immutable nature of blockchain with the scalability and agility of cloud-native architecture. We discuss the significant contributions of leveraging blockchain and cloud-native concepts in storage systems for edge computing, specifically focusing on data security, reliability, and scalability. Furthermore, we address the challenges associated with implementing blockchain and cloud-native concepts in edge storage systems, including network connectivity and resource constraints. By examining these challenges, we aim to provide insights into the practical considerations and potential solutions for effectively integrating blockchain and cloud-native technologies in edge storage environments.
A Cost-effective High-throughput Testbed for Supporting AI-enabled DevSecOps Services.pdf: Abstract —OF@TEIN Playground is a multi-site cloud with distributed edge nodes, which, while offering reduced application latency by processing data at the edge of the network, also introduces new security challenges. To ensure the continuous and secure operation of these nodes, the SmartX Multi-View Visibility and SmartX MultiSec frameworks were introduced. However, these frameworks have limitations regarding AI-powered security mechanisms. The recent surge in data and AI technologies has ampliﬁed the need for AI-based and data-driven smart services that can process large amounts of real-time data and provide actionable insights to users. In particular, AI-inspired DevSecOps services can be highly effective in enhancing cybersecurity of the OF@TEIN Playground. However, developing and deploying these services at scale can be a challenge, due to the high costs associated with procuring and maintaining the necessary hardware and software resources. Therefore, this work aims to upgrade the OF@TEIN Playground to ﬂexibly support cloudbased AI-inspired DevSecOps services and to adequately meet the current and future demands of playground users. The results show that our effort has resulted in a more reliable, cost-effective, and ﬂexible edge computing research and experimentation testbed.
A programmable networking switch node with in-network processing support.pdf: Abstract —As the heterogeneity of end devices and their networked applications grows, networking challenges should be coped with new features to meet the various requirements of different application traffics. In this paper, based on the emerging SDN (Software-Defined Networking) paradigm, we introduce NetOpen networking services that attempt to support configurable networking with programmable networking switch nodes. Especially, we prototype a NetOpen switch node to support customized in-network processing and verify its programmability and in-network processing performance for multiple flows.
A visual-sharing switching device supporting programmable in-network content adaptation.pdf: Abstract  — To share visual contents among various network-enabled consumer devices in home, the visual content needs to be adapted according to the consumer device that plays the contents. Due to heterogeneity of consumer devices and content formats, content adaptation becomes challenging and cannot be achieved with s everal fixed content adaptation functionalities. In this paper, we present a visual-sharing switching device supporting programmable in-network content adaptation for in-home distribution of visual content. It provides computing and networking resources and its switching software supports building of custom data plane for visual content. We prototype the visual-sharing switching device and verify that it can be flexibly programmed to support various visual-sharing scenarios.
An SDN-Coordinated Steering Framework for Multipath Big Data Transfer Application.pdf: ABSTRACT Data Transmission is a primary mechanism that can affect the performance of distributed storage systems. The traditional single-path transmission protocols are not efficient to serve several requirements of big data applications. In this paper, we propose an SDN-coordinated steering framework for multipath big data transfer applications. Multipath TCP protocol (MPTCP) coupled with SDN are mainly used for big data transfer in our framework. This framework is useful and cost-effective for OpenFlow networks and overlay networks. To provide a practical multipath transmission scheme for big data transfer applications using MPTCP, we propose a novel OpenFlow-Stats routing algorithm. In our algorithm, a new topology-pruning technique is applied, and the transmission paths are selected based on switch-port statistics. Our proposed framework is implemented and evaluated using the Mininet emulator and ONOS controller. The results show that our routing scheme can reduce the completion time of big data transfer up to 90% compared with the traditional routing with disjoint paths and up to 35% compared with the previous work. Moreover, our proposed routing is more scalable than other previous works in that it can provide lower complexity and system overhead. The results show that our routing scheme produces 57% less overhead compared with the previous work.
Analytical Modeling of End-to-End Delay in OpenFlow Based Networks.pdf: OpenFlow enabled networks split and separate the data and control planes of traditional networks. This design commodifies network switches and enables centralized control of the network. Control decisions are made by an OpenFlow controller, and locally cached by switches, as directed by controllers. This can significantly impact the forwarding delay incurred by packets in switches, because controllers are not necessarily co-located with switches. Only very few studies have been conducted to evaluate the performance of OpenFlow in terms of end-to-end delay. In this paper, we develop a stochastic model for the end to end delay in OpenFlow switches based on measurements made in Internet-scale experiments performed on three different platforms, i.e., Mininet, the GENI testbed, and the OF@TEIN testbed.
Automated deployment of SmartX IoT-cloud services based on continuous integration.pdf: Abstract — since convergence of IoT and Cloud, IoT-Cloud, has potential to provide futuristic IT services, there are many research about IoT-Cloud service. To keep pace with trend, we are studying and developing IoT-Cloud service. Goal of this service is reducing power consumption in server room. To design this service, we use microservice. Since it is set of inter-connection of functions, frequent verification is important. Therefore, we adopt Continuous Integration (CI). It is designed to build and running service in testbed automatically. It reduces integration effort. In this paper, we introduce our experience in automated deployment of SmartX IoT-Cloud services based on CI.
Blockchain-Based Decentralized Storage Design for Data Confidence Over Cloud-Native Edge Infrastructure.pdf: ABSTRACT As the modern computing market experiences a surge in demand for efficient data-management solutions, challenges posed by centralized storage systems become more pronounced, especially with the proliferation of Internet of Things devices. Centralized storage, although cost-effective, faces issues of scalability, performance bottlenecks, and security vulnerabilities. With decentralized storage, data are distributed across nodes, offering redundancy, data availability, and enhanced security. Unfortunately, decentralized storage introduces its own challenges, such as complex data retrieval processes, potential inconsistencies in data versions, and difficulties in ensuring data privacy and integrity in a distributed setup. Effectively managing these challenges calls for innovative techniques. In response, this paper introduces a decentralized storage system that melds cloud-native concepts with blockchain technology. The proposed design delivers enhanced scalability, data security, and privacy. When operating on a containerized edge infrastructure, this storage system provides higher data-transfer speeds than the interplanetary file system. This research thus blends the advantages of cloud-native frameworks with the security mechanisms of blockchain, crafting a storage system that addresses the present-day challenges of data management in decentralized settings. INDEX TERMS Edge computing, distributed storage, cloud-native orchestration, blockchain.
Cloud-based service function chaining with distributed VMs and its underlay-aware improvement.pdf: Abstract— In this paper, we discuss about how to orchestrate service function chaining (SFC) with distributed cloud VMs (virtual machines). By introducing an automated tool for graph-based SFC over cloud-based infrastructure, we attempt to satisfy service realization challenges such as large-scale support and underlay-aware improvement.
Conceptual Verification of Multi-Level Visibility Points for SmartX MultiView Security.pdf: Abstract —With emerging cloud-native computing, the resource infrastructure is becoming complicated to flexibly accommodate physical, virtual, and containerized functions in a single box or clustered boxes. Unfortunately, this kind of complicated resource infrastructure is prone to diversified security attacks. Thus, it is important to systematically detect security attacks by analyzing multiple kinds of visibility (i.e., monitoring and tracing) data, aligned with physical, virtual, and containerized layers of functions and boxes. Thus, by extending SmarX MultiView Visibility Framework (MVF), in this paper, we conceptualize its multi-level security extension by adding multi-level visibility points to the multi-layer visibility collection of SmartX MVF. Also, we verify the proposed concept with a preliminary prototype over clustered boxes with physical and virtual resource layers. Keywords — Resource monitoring and tracing, clustered boxes, multi-layer visibility, and security analysis with visibility data.
Context aware network-assisted hand-off management and interference mitigation scheme for heterogeneous networks.pdf: Abstract —Femtocells are small, low-power, low-cost randomly deployed base stations, which are deployed by end users without proper cell planning or resource optimization. This ad-hoc deployment results in many technical issues that demand an effective solution to exploit the co-channel deployment with macrocells. One typical problem is cross-tier interference especially at the cell edge where macro user equipments behave as ‘loud neighbors’ and interfere with neighboring femto base stations. In this paper, we attempt a geographically-distributed hybrid access scheme by incorporating the nature of involved interferences. We divide the whole coverage area of a macrocell into two areas, namely inner and outer femtocells. We then propose a virtual-coverage-driven femtocell algorithm to mitigate inter-femtocell interferences along with a context-aware network-assisted handover management scheme to facilitate smooth handoffs from the macrocell to femtocells. Finally, extensive simulation results are provided to verify the enhancement of proposed scheme for the network-wide user equipment throughput.
Design and functionality test of chunked video streaming over emulated multi-path OpenFlow network.pdf: Abstract  — In OpenFlow -based  SDN  environment,  we have  designed  and implemented  the middle -box and splitting  functionalities  for chunked  video  streaming  over multiple  concurrent  paths  and constructed  a prototype  system  to evaluate  these  functionalities  with various  scenarios  of splitting  ratio. The multi -path  chunked  video  streaming  has been tested  in the Open vSwitch  (OVS)-enabled  Mininet -emulated  network  testbed . The reported   results  of packet  loss ratio,  mean/standard  deviation  of packet  delay  demonstrate  that multi-path  video streaming  method  can be beneficially  applied  in the network  when  the capacity  of the main  path alone  is not enough  to carry  the whole  incoming  packets  of video  stream  and the employed  chunk  splitting  ratio decomposes  the incoming  packet  rate to match  the capacity  of available  paths.  However,  this multi -path  video  streaming  method  is not recommended  when  the main path capacity  already  suffices  for carrying  out the incoming  packets  of video  stream  due to the increased  implementation  complexities . As an ongoing  research,  since  matching  of chunk  splitting  ratio to the capacity  of available  paths  can affect  greatly  the resultant  received  video  quality,  this poses  a new practical  challenge  when  path capacity  is time varying   and stochastic  in nature.
Design and Implementation of Connected DataLake System for Reliable Data Transmission.pdf: Abstract —Currently, the edge cloud for efficient management of IoT and various devices is increasing, so there is a growing need to safely and flexibly manage the stored data in the Edge Cloud. One of the most effective ways to efficiently manage the growing edge cloud is to store the data of each distributed edge cloud to the cloud. In this paper, we design and implement a connected DataLake system based on distributed cloud storage that delivers data stored in multiple Edge Clouds securely to micro cloud storage. In addition, the system performs real-time error recovery such that the transferred data can be restored to the abnormal point when an abnormality occurs during transmission. The developed Connected DataLake system was proved to show the efficiency of the system in the KOREN/TEIN network.
Design and Implementation of Data Concentrator Unit supported with Multiple Synchronized Cameras for Object-Detection.pdf: The real -time performance of Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) is crucial to swiftly analyze dynamic road conditions, make split -second decisions, and ensure passenger safety and efficient navigation in complex and ever -changing environments. Synchronized cameras play a pivotal role in AVs due to their ability to pro vide a multi -perspective and comprehensive view of the vehicle's surroundings. DCU (Data Concentrator Unit) is a device to collect, process, and transmit data from several sensors in AVs.   In this paper, we propose Data Concentrator Unit (DCU) that is supp orted by Multiple Synchronized Cameras for Object -Detection. It performs object -detection analysis on multiple high -definition video streams captured by multiple synchronized cameras.
Design and Interface Testing of Connected Data Architecture of DataLake.pdf: The data plays a pivotal role in many aspects of enterprise operations, and is becoming more and more important to many companies in aspect of Industry Revolution 4.0 and Big Data. Gradually, the value of the enterprise is changing to data-centric. In this paper, we analyze the requirements of the CDA for integrating and managing the data lifecycle of various application areas based on the advantages of the DataLake framework, design the interfaces for CDA, and performs validation of interface # 3 between micro-Storage and DataLake.
Design and Verification of Software-Defined RAID for Hybrid Cloud Storage.pdf: This paper proposes a software defined storaging method to converge the network virtualization technique and the RAID of distributed hybrid cloud storage environment. The proposed method designs software-defined based storage which it apply a flexible control and maintenance of distributed hybrid cloud storages. In addition, the method overcomes the restricted of physical storage capacity and cut costs of data recovery. The proposed Software-Defined RAID based failover recovery techniques have been tested the substantial verification using public AWS and Google Storage.
Design of Connected Data Lake System based on Micro Cloud Storage.pdf: Abstract—The increasing use of ICBM (IoT & Cloud & Big Data & Mobile), which is the basis of ICT diversity, has led to an increase in various large amounts of data. This increase in data is transforming the society into a data-oriented society. Edge Cloud is increasing to manage increasing data efficiently. However, it is difficult to efficiently integrate distributed data between Edge Cloud and Cloud. This paper proposes a Connected DataLake system that can solve these problems.
Design of Intelligent BoP and Tubular Cell-based Flexible Hydrogen Fuel Cell System.pdf: Abstract — Due to global warming, interest in eco-friendly fuels is increasing. In particular, as hydrogen is an eco-friendly fuel that does not emit environmental pollutants (i.e. carbon dioxide), its importance is increasing as an alternative fuel to existing energy sources. Hydrogen fuel cells generate electricity through a chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen. A hydrogen fuel cell consists of a stack and BoP (Balance of Plant). The stack chemically reacts hydrogen and oxygen. The BoP is responsible for thermal management, water and air supply, etc. Current hydrogen fuel cells have a problem in that the entire fuel cell stack must be replaced even if only one cell causes a problem. The amount of electricity produced varies according to the control result of the BoP. In this paper, we design a new type of separation tubular cell and intelligent BoP based hydrogen fuel cell system. It can solve the fuel cell stack problem dependent on the unit cell. For efficient electricity production, BoP is intelligent based on IoT -Edge and big data /AI. Keywords — Intelligent BoP , Tubular Cell , Hydrogen Fuel Cell, IoT-Edge , Big Data, AI
Design of marine environment monitoring system based on open source softwares.pdf: Abstract —Recently, the marine monitoring technology is actively being studied since the sea is a rich repository of natural resources that is taken notice in the world. In particular, the marine environment data should be collected continuously in order to understand and analyze the marine environment, however the study of automatic monitoring of marine environment in Korea is not enough. In this paper, we designed the marine environment monitoring system based on open source software. The proposed system can be designed as a scale out computer resources for system which it can easily process the increasing collection data. It can also be used to analyze marine data by visualizing collected data.
Designing multi-level connectivity for IoT-enabled SmartX Boxes.pdf: Abstract —In this paper, we discuss about a futuristic design for multi-level connectivity that plays the pivotal role in enabling IoT services employing the hyper-convergent SmartX Boxes.
Dynamic flow steering for IoT monitoring data in SDN-coordinated IoT-Cloud services.pdf: By effectively coupling IoT and Cloud together, we need to enable diversified IoT -Cloud services. To effectively support IoT -Cloud services, it is essential to maintain persistent data trans port between IoT  and Cloud. A lso the emerging Software -Defined Networking  (SDN ) paradigm can assist flexible flow-centric networking of persistent data between IoT and Cloud . Thus, in this paper, we take an example of IoT-Cloud service realized over miniaturized IoT-SDN-Cloud environment (named as SmartX -mini Playground) and propose the application of SDN -based flow steering to dynamically adjust  the overlay data path s for IoT-Cloud services . More specifically, w e attempt to combine the overlay data transport of Apache Kafka messag es and the underlay flow-based networking coordinated by an ONOS ( Open Network ing Operating System ) SDN controller .
Edge Intelligence in Softwarized 6G Deep Learning-enabled Network Traffic Predictions.pdf: Abstract —The 6G vision is envisaged to enable agile network expansion and rapid deployment of new on-demand microservices (e.g., visibility services for data traffic management, mobile edge computing services) closer to the network’s edge IoT devices. However, providing one of the critical features of network visibility services, i.e., data flow prediction in the network, is challenging at the edge devices within a dynamic cloud-native environment as the traffic flow characteristics are random and sporadic. To provide the AI-native services for the 6G vision, we propose a novel edge-native framework to provide an intelligent prognosis technique for data traffic management in this paper. The prognosis model uses long short-term memory (LSTM)-based encoder-decoder deep learning, which we train on real time-series multivariate data records collected from the edge µ-boxes of a selected testbed network. Our result accurately predicts the statistical characteristics of data traffic and verifies the trained model against the ground truth observations. Moreover, we validate our novel framework with two performance metrics for each feature of the multivariate data.
Enabling operation data visibility for SmartX-mini IoT-cloud playground.pdf: Abstract — SmartX-mini playground is a miniaturized IoT-Cloud environment, where DevOps-based automation can be practiced to develop and operate various IoT-Cloud services. Enabling visibility over the targeted playground is critical for the automated operation and effective resource utilization. Thus, in this paper, by leveraging various open-source software tools over small-size boxes, we design and prototype operation data visibility for SmartX-mini IoT-Cloud playground. Typically, we focus on open-source Kafka and Spark to meet the operation data visibility requirements of SmartX-mini playground. Scenario-driven experiments are executed to evaluate the analysis capability for distributed IoT boxes. Keywords — Testbed and playground, IoT-Cloud services, operation data visibility, instrumentation and measurement.
Experimental Design for Multi-task Deep Learning toward Intelligence Augmented Visual AI.pdf: Abstract —Gartner's top ten strategic technologies for 2020 and 2021 include Democratization and Intelligent composable business. It predicts the democratization of AI technology and the acceleration of DT in the analog business aspect. In this study, we propose a task-based deep learning architecture for computer vision as the first step towards AGI (Artificial General Intelligence) from the perspective of narrow AI. Multi-task deep learning is composed of Guide-task model, Sub-task model, Glue code, and Integration module, and the functions of the components are defined.
Experimental Verification of Docker-Based Distributed Cloud Applications for Secured Mobile VoIP.pdf: Abstract — Cloud computing paradigm has been driving the cloud-leveraged refactoring of exis ting ICT services including VoIP. In this paper, we design and prototype secured mobile VoIP services with open-source Asterisk PBX software by employing Docker lightweight virtu alization for mobile devices. We also experimentally verify the qua lity of secured voice and the associated communication delay over distributed global connectivity environment. Keywords—Docker; Secured mobile VoIP; Virtualization; Communication Verification Test; Open -source Asterisk  SW PBX
Integrating Machine Learning for Network Threat Detection with SmartX Multi-Sec Framework.pdf: Security is an essential element for the effective operation of modern network infrastructures. OF@TEIN playground over TEIN (Trans-Eurasia Information Network), is a multi-site cloud with distributed edge nodes has brought the security challenges. In order to address the security challenges of distributed edge nodes, recently, SmartX Multi-Sec framework has been launched. However, it is based on a signature-based network threat detection mechanism. Depending on the current complex and heterogeneous nature of network traffic which is continuously increasing in scale, machine learning capabilities are more effective to recognize hidden and complex patterns of network traffic than traditional signature-based methods. Moreover, in response to the weaknesses of current security solutions, the zero-trust model manipulates that no network is reliable. Therefore, cloud operators should monitor and verify all network traffic continuously. So, by considering the above challenges, we are going to enhance the SmartX Multi-Sec framework by focusing on zero trust and incorporating machine learning techniques for network threat detection (specifically DDoS attacks). Moreover, its prototype version has been realized on the OF@TEIN playground to show its effectiveness.
IO visor-based packet tracing and collection over distributed SmartX server-switch boxes.pdf: In this paper, we describe the concept of utilizing packet tracing and collection for 3rd-party packet-precise inspection to assist the secure operation of SDN-enabled multi-site cloud environment. The proposed packet tracing and collection is designed and prototyped by utilizing open-source IO Visor project’s tools. To verify its feasibility for remotely distributed multiple boxes, we apply it to the multi-box playground with distributed SmartX server-switch boxes. By combining the packet tracing data collected from distributed sites at a centralized location, it is verified to be useful in supporting the malicious packet detection in our multi-site playground.
Leveraging open-source software for federated multisite SDN-cloud playground.pdf: Abstract—This paper shows a prototyping and operating effort for a federated multisite SDN-Cloud playground that leverages open-source software such as OpenStack cloud, ONOS SDN controller, and Quagga router. A SDN-based federation possibility for distributed multisite cloud is verified by providing an open playground over three international sites under separate administrative domains.
MOVi- Opportunity extension for mobile peer-to-peer video on demand.pdf: Abstract —In a WiFi network with mobile nodes, it is quite a challenging task to provide P2P (peer-to-peer) VoD (video-on-demand) service while maintaining high aggregated throughput of network. MOVi (mobile opportunistic video-on-demand) is an early trial for mobile P2P VoD service where a centralized coordinator schedules segment-based transmissions (i.e., segment scheduling) for mobile nodes based on the opportunity, which reflects the pairing chances among nodes. Since MOVi scheduling depends on this fluctuating-over-time opportunity, mobile nodes may not play the video contents smoothly in case of temporal opportunity shortage. To mitigate this, in this paper, we propose to extend MOVi, MOVi+, by employing special peer nodes with segment caching capability and applying pre-diffusion-aware scheduling. With prototyped MOVi+ implementation, we validate the improved performance of MOVi+ in terms of segment-missing ratio, opportunity usage, segment distribution completion time, and the number of simultaneous playout mobile nodes with acceptable playout continuity (i.e., over 95%).
Open-source IO visor eBPF-based packet tracing on multiple network interfaces of Linux boxes.pdf: Abstract —With the growing popularity of cloud-leveraged infrastructure and services, the creation and operation of multiple virtualized boxes over a single physical box is increa sing rapidly. It is however becoming difficult to maintain transport performance and security with an increasing number of inter-connections among them. To address this issue, in this paper, w e utilize the eBPF-based packet tracing of open-source IO Visor project to monitor the inter-connections among Linux boxes. By enabling the tracing capability at multiple network interfaces,  we validate it experimentally over Linux-based SmartX boxes with open-source KVM hypervisors and Docker containers. Keywords—Open-Source IO Visor project, extended Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF), BPF Compiler Collection (BCC), packet tracing, and Linux kernel networking.
Peer-assisted video-on-demand in multi-channel switching WiFi-based mobile networks.pdf: Abstract —Network convergence paradigm will substantially increase the pervasive use of WiFi-enabled smart mobile devices. Although various on-demand streaming services are already available over mobile WiFi-enabled devices, it remains a challenging problem due to WiFi’s limited communication range, mobility and user population density issues. In this paper, we enhance our previous work on MOVi (Mobile Opportunistic Video-on-demand) by exploiting the use of multi-channel switching capability at mobile terminals. We reinvestigate the previous version of MOVi in this environment and propose an improved scheduling algorithm which incorporates collaborative congestion sensing and efficient channel allocation mechanisms. The scalability of the extended MOVi system is verified by extensive simulations. In terms of the number of supported user, an average of 25% improvement can be achieved. In addition, the proposed extension of MOVi provides more tolerance against increased volume of non-MOVi traffic.
Physical-virtual topological visualization of OF-TEIN SDN-enabled multi-site cloud.pdf: Infrastructure visualization based on monitored resource status is essential for the effective operation of modern SDN (Software-Defined Networking)-enabled cloud. More specifically, collecting and visualizing visibility information about both physical & virtual (p+v) types of resources is one of key requirements for multi-site cloud operators. However, most existing visualization tools fall short in effectively providing the p+v topological visualization of multi-site cloud infrastructure. Thus, in this paper, by taking an example of OF@TEIN (OpenFlow @ Trans-Eurasian Information Network) multi-site experimental cloud, we attempt to realize visualization software to assist both developers and operators in capturing the p+v topological visualization of infrastructure resources.
Preparing and Inter-Connecting Hyper-Converged SmartX Boxes for IoT-Cloud Testbed.pdf: Abstract —The focusing concept of Internet of Things (IoT) is quickly changing from inter-connecting uniquely-identifiable embedded devices to ‘things as a service’. Thus, diverse IoT services are being incubated by software-driven frameworks and shared/virtual/programmable resources. As a beginning step, in this paper, we discuss how to prepare and inter-connect hyper-converged SmartX Boxes so that it can play the miniaturized playground for IoT-Cloud service realization.
Preparing the end-to-end virtualized networking over software-defined infrastrure.pdf: Abstract —With SDN-supported virtualized networking and DevOps(Development & Operation) -based cooperation, the provisioning of hyper -convergent compute/networking/storage resources could be appropriately streamlined with the lifecycle of service realization and thus the agile and economic realizations of diverse services could be come a reality in very near future. In this paper, by focusing on the end-to -end virtualized networking, we discuss how to prepare and play with futuristic SDI (Software -Defined Infrastructure).
Protected Coordination of Service Mesh for Container-Based 3-Tier Service Traffic.pdf: With the rapid expansion of cloud-native computing paradigm, a growing number of applications are adopting container-based microservices architecture (MSA). The resulting container-based MSA functions are required to be tightly stitched together and therefore the stitching inter-connections need persistent monitor/control coordination. Recent service mesh approaches are trying to solve this maintenance problem in a transparent manner. However, with the popular Istio-based service mesh realization, the monitor/control traffic for coordination is exposed to application tenants, which could be a potential security concern. Typically, containers are limited with a single network interface and thus it is not possible to isolate control / monitor traffic from application data traffic. Thus, in this paper, we propose a protected coordination scheme for service mesh as a work-around solution. For this protected coordination of service mesh, the monitor/control traffic for coordination is separated and encrypted while data traffic is treated in the same way with the existing service mesh approach.
Quality-of-service aware resource allocation for virtual machines.pdf: Abstract —We propose a quality of service (QoS) aware resource allocation algorithm for virtual machines (VMs) in cloud servers. The proposed scheme consists of two parts: a service profiler that describes the relationship between QoS and resource utilization, and a resource controller that determines an appropriate VM resource configuration. The performance of the proposed VM resource allocation scheme is evaluated on an OpenStack-based testbed. The experimental results show that the proposed scheme successfully identifies the VM with the highest resource demand, and increases the amount of the scarce resources to improve the QoS provided by the VM.
Refining Micro Services Placement over Multiple Kubernetes-orchestrated Clusters employing Resource Monitoring.pdf: In the cloud field, there is an increasing demand for globalized services and corresponding execution environments that overcome local limitations and selectively utilize optimal resources. Utilizing multi-cloud deployments and operations rather than using a single cloud is an effective way to satisfy the increasing demand. In particular, we need to provide a cloud-native environment to organically support services based on a microservices architecture. In this paper, we propose a cloud-native workload profiling system with Kubernetes-orchestrated multi-cluster configuration. The contributions of this paper are as follows. (i) We design the operating software over multiple cloud-native clusters to select optimal resources by monitoring. (ii) For operating the multiple clusters through the design, we define and design specific general service workloads. Also, we implement the workloads in application software. (iii) To seek optimal resources, we deployed the general workloads and monitored resource usage repeatedly in detail. We calculate resource variation in comparison with initial resource usage and average resource usage after deploying the service workloads. Also, we analyze the resource monitoring result. We expect this methodology can find proper resources for service workload types.
Refining Microservices Placement Employing Workload Profiling Over Multiple Kubernetes Clusters.pdf: ABSTRACT As cloud-native computing is becoming the de-facto paradigm in the cloud field, Microservices Architecture has attracted attention from industries and researchers for agility and efficiency. Moreover, with the popularity of the IoT in the context of edge computing, cloud-native applications that utilize geographically-distributed multiple resources are emerging. In line with this trend, there is an increasing demand for microservices placement that selectively use optimal resources. However, optimal microservices placement is a significant challenge because microservices are dynamic and complex, depending on diversified workloads. Besides, generalizing workloads’ characteristics consisting of complex microservices is realistically challenging. Thus, microservices deployment with mathematically structured algorithms based on simulation is less practical. As an alternative, a microservices placement framework is required that can reflect the characteristics of workloads derived from empirical profiling. Therefore, in this research work, we propose a refinement framework for profiling-based microservices placement to identify and respond to workload characteristics in a practical way. To achieve this goal, we perform profiling experiments with selected workloads to derive delicate resource requirements. Then, we perform microservices placement with a greedy-based heuristic algorithm that considers application performance by using resource requirements derived from the profiled results. Finally, we verify the proposed concept by comparing the experimental results that use our work and those that don’t.
Reliable smart energy IoT-cloud service operation with container orchestration.pdf: Abstract  — We discuss the prototype implementation of IoT -Cloud services for efficient cooling management  for small -size server room. We leverage open-source -based miniaturized playground for IoT -Cloud services and realize smart energy IoT -Cloud service based on the container -leveraged service orchestration with Docker containers and Docker Swarm. In addition, we attempt to facilitate the automated and reliable operation of IoT -Cloud services with container -based orchestration.
Resource monitoring and visualization for OF-TEIN SDN-enabled multi-site cloud.pdf: Abstract —Resource-level monitoring and visualization are important operation activities for OF@TEIN (OpenFlow @ Trans-Eurasian Information Network) SDN-enabled multi-site cloud. The SDN/Cloud integrated environment demands considerably different resource-level visibility solution from traditional ones. A distinctive, component-based, data-oriented approach is required for resource-level visibility of OF@TEIN p+v (physical & virtual) resources. To address the resource-level visibility challenges, we setup ‘SmartX Visibility Center’ as a module of SmartX Operation Tower. By integrating open-source tools, in this paper, we present a unique resource-level visibility solution, which is focusing on operation data collection and large-scale visualization.
Running lifecycle experiments over SDN-enabled OF-TEIN testbed.pdf: Managing the Iifecycle of service-realization experiments in Future Internet testbed environments is very challenging due to the unbounded scope of user-driven experiments. The Iifecycle of experiments should be carefully designed and managed among users and operators so that tasks and responsibilities are well-defined for all experiment stages. The states of involved resources should also be appropriately managed to streamline the experiment Iifecycle. In this paper, by considering these issues, we discuss the realization of Iifecycle experiments over SDN (Software-Defined Networking)-enabled OF@TEIN (OpenFlow @ Trans-Eurasian Information Network). In order to partially automate the Iifecycle experiments, we are working on the automated resource provisioning and experiment execution. To illustrate current progress, we demonstrate prototype Iifecycle experiments that attempt to link bandwidth measurements and the automated re-installation and re­ configuration of broken resource node(s).
S-Box virtualized playground for automated lightweight experiments on SDN and Cloud.pdf: Recently diverse testbeds are built to experiment and verify new service ideas on SDN/Cloud-leveraged networking. In the early stage of verification, easy and speedy execution of experiments is required. Thus, in this paper, we introduce S-Box virtualized playground, where lightweight experiments are automatically executed only with the virtualized resources in a single box. The proposed S-Box concept can be applied to any Linux box and enables flexible provisioning of virtualized boxes in a single box (with virtualized inter-connected functions). To verify the feasibility of S-Box, we configure an OpenStack site with 4 virtual boxes and execute example service realizations.
Scalable network intrusion detection on virtual SDN environment.pdf: We propose a scalable intrusion detection system (IDS) architecture on a software-deﬁned networking (SDN) environment implemented using a virtualization infrastru cture called a Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM). In this virtua l environment, virtual machines running IDSs, the SDN contro ller, and network attack software are connected with each other through OpenFlow-enabled software switches. This paper fo cuses on distributed trafﬁc sampling at network switches for mali cious trafﬁc inspection. The network topology and the IDS conﬁgur a- tion are visualized through a web graphical user interface.
Secured mVoIP Service over Cloud and Container-Based Improvement.pdf: The VoIP technology is being revisited to support diversified services and mobile computing has been changing to mobile cloud computing paradigm. In this paper, we design and implement cloud-leveraged secured voice services, enabled by the combination of open-source software PBX (private branch exchange), shared hardware platform, and mobile devices. We also test and verify the end-to-end delay of the secured voice communication. In addition, we propose a preliminary idea to improve the portability by adopting Docker-based containers.
Security tactics for secured cloud computing resources.pdf: —In this paper, we propos e the security  tactics for secured cloud computing resources. It is composed by multistage anomaly detection scheme and honeypot in outside of cloud computing, and attribute -based access control in inside of cloud computing  for secured cloud computing reso urce in order to support safety future  services.
SmartX Multi-Sec A Visibility-Centric Multi-Tiered Security Framework for Multi-Site Cloud-Native Edge Clusters.pdf: ABSTRACT Recently, to match the emerging demands for multi-site edge clouds, the cloud-based information and communication technology (ICT) infrastructure is rapidly expanding. To protect distributed edge-based cloud assets from networking-based threats by recognizing suspicious traffic, cloud operators should monitor the overall underlying topology to categorize and identify diversified networking packet traffic, flowing through various paths among virtualized and containerized cloud nodes. Perimeter-based networking security, which employs security appliances in fixed locations, cannot address this visibility challenge. As a result, in this paper, we propose the SmartX Multi-tier Security (Multi-Sec) framework, which aims to provide intuitive and systematic visibility for multi-site edge-cloud security. SmartX Multi-Sec abstracts the underlying networking topology among multi-site edge clusters as multiple onion-ring-based tiers of physical, virtualized, and containerized cloud nodes. It also provides collective DevSecOps automation features for monitoring, visualizing, and filtering targeted networking traffic from the respective tiers of the abstracted networking topology. The resulting flow-centric visibility using SmartX Multi-Sec can be featured with extended Berkeley Packet Filter and eXpress Data Path (eBPF/XDP)-leveraged lightweight flow capture and filtering, three-dimensional onion-ring visualization, and automated deployment of DevSecOps functions. By integrating these features, the Proof-of-Concept (PoC)-version of the SmartX Multi-Sec framework is realized to verify the flexible and scalable flow-centric security for multi-site cloud-native edge clouds.
SmartX multiview visibility framework leveraging open-source software for SDN-cloud playground.pdf: Abstract — Visibility measurement and associated visualization are essential for monitoring the operation of emerging converged software-defined infrastructure (SDI). However, most of existing monitoring tools are not yet ready to cover systematically whole visibility workflow. Thus, in this paper, we present an integrated design for multi-layered visibility workflow, denoted as ‘SmartX MultiView Visibility Framework’. The proposed open-source framework targets to streamline the visibility workflow for collection, validation, integration, storage, staging, and visualization. As a proof of concept, initial-stage implementation is deployed over OF@TEIN multisite SDN-Cloud playground to visualize resource-layer visibility with overlapping inter-connect flow paths.
Software-defined home networking devices for multi-home visual sharing.pdf: Abstract — Existing home-networking protocols do not robustly incorporate universal connectivity among multiple homes, which leaves their use restricted to a single home. In addition, even in a single home network, new functional requirements ask for more diversified forms of networking control. This paper presents in-home consumer electronic devices that incorporate the emerging SDN (Software Defined Networking) paradigm. The proposed devices enable on-demand provisioning for protocol-agnostic home networking and thus provide a high degree of flexibility for intra-home networking as well as wider connectivity for inter-home networking. The feasibility of the prototype devices is verified by realizing a multi-home visual-sharing scenario and by supporting diverse future scenarios.
Stateful Container Migration employing Checkpoint-based Restoration for Orchestrated Container Clusters.pdf: Abstract —Recently, container-leveraged cloud computing technology is being adopted in a wide range of ICT areas. For a more effective management of diversiﬁed containers over multiple machine nodes, several container orchestrators including Kubernetes have been utilized in production cloud environments. Due to reliability reasons, stateful containers in an orchestrated container cluster are sometimes required to be migrated to other clusters. Typically, a storage-based migration approach is commonly adopted despite its considerable downtime, which also requires the application-level implementation of storage components for state save and restore. Thus, in this paper, we propose a checkpoint-based approach of stateful container migration for orchestrated container clusters. By checkpointing and restoring in-memory states of processes that are running in the containers with CRIU (Checkpoint/Restore in Userspace) feature, container migration can be realized without the application- level implementation of storage components. We then verify the proposed approach at a PoC(Proof-of-Concept) level by managing the associated migration procedure with the container orchestrator.
Suspicious_Flow_Forwarding_for_Multiple_Intrusion_Detection_Systems_on_Software-Defined_Networks.pdf: In recent years, there have been an increasing number of attacks on networks, such as the distributed denial-of-service attack. However, the traditional network is not sufficiently flexible to control the huge amount of traffic that now passes through an intrusion detection system. With SDN, which separates control planes and data planes for programmability, elasticity, and simplicity, it becomes possible to force traffic to pass through an IDS by simply rerouting or mirroring traffic to an IDS. This article focuses on how to distribute traffic to multiple IDSs in order to increase the detection of network attacks and balance IDS loads. A clustering-based flow grouping scheme that distributes flows according to routing information and flow data rate is proposed. Through experiments with a virtualized testbed, we show that the proposed scheme detects network attacks more quickly and achieves a better balance of traffic loads on the IDSs.
Template-based automation with distributed secure provisioning installer for remote cloud boxes.pdf: Abstract — The emerging edge computing concept with μCloud boxes, in charge of front -end data processing for remote large-scale cloud data centers, is addressing the delay and efficiency concerns for IoT -Cloud services. The infrastructure operators of IoT-Cloud services require several provisioning tools to handle a number of cloud boxes across multiple remote sites. The resulting open -source software provisioning tools should support automated installation and configurat ion for remote cloud boxes, albeit with flexibility and scalability. Thus, in this paper, we discuss our on- going DevOps -based realization for DsP -Installer (Distributed Secure Provisioning Installer), which automates the template -based installation and configuration for remote cloud boxes.
Virtual-Pressure Scheduling in IEEE 802.11 Wireless Mesh Networks.pdf: Back-pressure scheduling is known to play a crucial role in operating wireless mesh networks (WMNs). In this letter, we expand the back-pressure scheduling with broader control parameters for a selected practical domain. To solve this expanded problem, we propose a virtual-pressure scheduling algorithm that tries to find the control parameters for improving throughputs by monitoring the results of the back-pressure scheduling. From this, virtual-pressure scheduling achieves 5 times higher throughputs than the back-pressure scheduling in heavily congested IEEE 802.11 WMNs.
Visualizing Cloud-Native AI-X Applications employing Service Mesh.pdf: In this paper, we pay attention to the usefulness of visualization to support easy identiﬁcation of interconnection between microservices for efﬁcient implementation of cloud-native applications according to microservices architecture (MSA) in a cloud environment. Particularly, to support spatio-temporal visualization in connection with a distributed cloud infrastructure environment, we look at how to obtain the interconnection of various microservices that make up a cloud-native application. Finally, we verify its feasibility by implementing visualization on AI+X Playground, which provides cloud-native computing resources for AI+X applications.